the United Nations has reiterated
warnings over the deteriorating
situation in Gaza calling on Israel to
end its military offensive in the
southern city of
Rafa we are running out of words to
describe what is happening in Raza we
have described it as a
catastrophe a nightmare as hell on Earth
it is all of these and worse the rougher
ground incursion is magnifying the
impediment to an already fragile and
beleaguered Aid operation
as again has been said as of SE 17 May
the rougher Crossing remains closed and
inaccessible for humanitarian cargo fuel
and Personnel movement this has
prevented the entry of 82,000 metric
tons of supplies a correspondent T
overum is in der Bala in central Gaza uh
so TK the UN is describing the situation
in Gaza as a nightmare what's the lasis
yeah it's absolutely the nightmare this
is the Le the least it can be used in
order to describe the situation as it
was as a really sad morning among
Palestinians here across dared B and
across across the entire strip as the
Israeli military has rammed up its
military attacks across the strip in
since midnight where at least eight
Palestinians have been killed in Rafa
after residential building was destroyed
in Rafa alongside that in the north of
the
three Palestinians have been killed in
banan town this is where Palestinians
have been trapped during the expansion
of the fighting Tre jabalia refugee camp
they are isolated in that corner of the
city without getting any supplies of
water and food and now they are even
being killed by the Israeli fire but in
other parts of the trip as we just
couple of minutes ago more injuries are
getting to al- AA hospital where we are
right now uh after a group of
Palestinians being targeted by the
Israeli fighter deaths in Al barade
refugee camp three injuries have have
arrived to the hospital including a
children and adults who have right now
been receiving a treatment in Al AA
hospital but the death do since the uh
ongoing military campaign of the
territory did not stop has surpassed
more than 35,000 Palestinians being
killed while only in the past 24 hours
at least 106 Palestinians have been
killed in a morning that South
completely difficult and hard for the
vast majority of families who are at the
background right now are bidding Farwell
to their beloved ones with a great sense
and great deal of a frustration and
sadness that really uh controlling those
families who have been attacked without
any kind of a prior
warning thanks for that speaking to us
there from uh Gaza thank
you make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer